
week -1 (Aug 25th,2015)
1.In this class we have learned how to work in a group.

2.I relaised the impoartance of working in a group.

3.I understood that for a software engineer communication skills are very impoartant.

4.We have learned how to design a new game.

5.we have understood that if the question is not clear we have to ask again.

6.Documenting every thing that we do is impoartant. 

7.what is the state of software in  industry.

8.We understand the difference between programming and software engineering.

9.nature of software and other disciplines,challenges of software engineering




week -2  (Sep 1st ,2015)

1.Learned life cycle of humans and the life cycle of software in a fascinating and interesting way.

2.what exactly software engineering in today's aspect and it's technical terms.

3.if we are passinate about some thing we can work with out any stress.



Tutorial (Sep 5th,2015):

1.Learned about version control.

2.how to set up a repository in github.

3.modular coding.

4.Difference between syntac and syntax.

5.what is the major difference between NOSQL and MYSQL.

6.The software life of an engineer in an industry.


week-3(Sep-8th,2015)
     In the class i have learned about these following
   -->Functional and non-functional requirements before creating an app. 

   -->uml diagrams 

Week-4
     In the class sir given good comparion for software engineering which is "software projects and water has to be freezed then only we can move forword"

Week-5
 In the class i learned that we should always need to have a short time deadlines so that things will move forward. 

Week 6:
      -->This week sridhar sir told many good points.
            1. Software engineer should be at abstract level not at the concrete level.
            2. I used to think that  user interface is noting but "how beautifully the user interface is looking" but the  in the class i reliased that the user interface is all about how the user interact with the system and how much easily we can navigate.


