week1:
     This week I dont know about the group members, we are getting the introductory lectures of software engineering 
     like what is the software engineering and what it is not. After some days we made a group for project.
     In this week I learned many things. Most of the  doubts which I are  related to software designing and form 
     the industry point of view also I got complete picture. I learned how it is to be like software engineer when 
     it comes to his job people really don't know what exactly they do in the software industry. 
     
week2: 
      In the week2 I got many new ideas for the individual and group project, I discussed with my group members and 
      we made a list of all the existing software applications and we try to come up with our own application which 
      may be better version of already existing applications or completely new one. Some of the ideas which we got 
      are 
      1.platform for selling old books in the college 
      2.Platform for connecting barbers and those who want cutting. 
      like this we think many possible apps but finally i suggested my group to select the hair cutting app because 
      this is looking like some fresh idea.
      We prepared to build it so i started searching for correct technologies for building it, those are  
            django,nodejs,JS.

week3: 
       In this week i got to know by the professor that our app is not so complex so we triggred to another 
       application.
        The another idea which we got was building a game  factory. game factory is having a collections of 
        games created by us. a normal 2d games.
        Currently i am documenting every thing which iam doing and which iam thinking.


Week4:
       In this week, in the tutorial sir told about the security issues regarding the apps.

Week5:
        In this week i have started learning libgdx frame work and started looking at the source code of libgdx.

Week6:
        This week i am concentrating more on my passion project. I decided to use Ruby on Rails for my passion project.
        

       
