Week1:
   
    This week we have attended the software engineering classes which  are very interesting. We have to do some 
    projects to complete this course which are individual and passion project. So i started thinking for passion 
    projects .
    When it comes to passion I am passionate  about  being fit so I want to make an  app  which will help 
           people to be fit.
        
Week2:
     I am passionate about being fit but this is not a complex app . If that is the case then I want to build 
     an app for game. I also started started searching for frame works for making an game. Which is unity 3d.

Week3:
      In this week i have decided to do some game for that i have searched for technologies which is Unity. 
      With the help of this game engine i can create a 3d game. The game is that a person will be in the 
      forest along with a gun, he need to hunt the animals which are running infront of him. He will get a 
      points for each shot, if he hit the target correctly.
Next Week's goals:Learning Unity frame work.

Week4:
This week i posted my individual project plan on the facebook page like below...
My individual project:
Every one wants to be fit, Some one goes to a movie and he sees the hero (who is having good muscles) in the movie so he gets 100% motivation, now he wanted to be like him( i am not talking about balakrishna movie) but the very next moment when he step out from the movie theater, he see the people around him with a big belly and his motivation goes off. so i want to design an app which will avail you the facility of being with a people who are fit and who has a desire to be fit. Some of the features which i have think off
>> All the basic features of a fitness app such as diet plans,workout routines...etc.
>> A blog facility for every to share their improvements.
>>If some one improving very fast, remaining people may want to know how he is doing, so i want to provide a chatting facility between people.
>>A separate section for women's fitness and men's fitness. etc...

Week5:
This week again i changed my project now i decided to do game which is that ,a person will be in the forest along with a gun, he need to hunt the animals which are running infornt of him. He will get a points for each shot if he hit the target.

 The main use or motive of this game is that it gives a mental pleasure to the user. and the target people are the children who are having age less than 15 years.

  I discussed this idea with sridhar sir,and sir suggested me to do an app on fitness( yoga+exercise) and i am thinking for some idea. 
